Uninstall: add note about removal of istio-system ns (#7151)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/istioctl/index.md

{{< text bash >}}
$ istioctl manifest generate <your original installation options> | kubectl delete -f -
{{< /text >}}

> The control plane namespace (e.g. `istio-system`) is not removed so you can inspect
> the contents, in case the previous command didn't function as expected. If you desire
> you can remove it as an additional uninstall step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The control plane namespace (e.g. `istio-system`) is not removed by default.
If no longer needed, use the following command to remove it:
```
